THIS IS THE INSTRUCTION FILE FOR USING THE DATA IN THIS REPOSITORY:

    *IMPORTANT* : You are free to use as much of whatever is in this repository however you want to, so long as it is for
    personal purposes, and you do not try to pass off my research or my code off as your own. 

    Just credit my full name in passing at the very least, that's good enough for me.  :)

    At the beginning of every file, there is a comment containing the 'order number' of the file, along with a one-liner 
    of what it does.

    The order number of the file tells you what is the 'order' of file creation, as well as the order you should run 
    the files in locally so things make sense.

    Eg: # 1. FILE FUNCTION

    This file is the first you should look at (and run if possible), and the outlined FILE FUNCTION will happen.

    There may be errors when you run the code locally, but it isn't a problem on my end, because I rigorously debugged my 
    code and made sure it works okay on my laptop, so it might be something to do with not having a library installed 
    or having a different directory. Good luck on fixing it if you get an error, because there is next to nothing I can 
    do in that case.  :)

    Any file/folder that begins with Claude was either generated directly using Claude Sonnet 5, or using the code it that 
    it generated. Everything else is about 95% manually typed code (with the poor variable naming giving it away) with a
    tiny bit of AI help for debugging.

    I typed this using Cursor, and I used the inbuilt agent for minimal debugging during the Bayes' Theorem sections of the code.

    If you have any questions,requests (or hopefully internships) for me then please don't hesitate to email me at:
    advik.sakhare.18@gmail.com, with an interesting subject line and I will get back to you ASAP.

    If you want a full proper breakdown of the stuff inside the files then have a look through the README. Theres stuff 
    there that you'll most likely find helpful.

    Info about files, folders and functions:

    The file useful.py is a WIP file containing a bunch of functions I will use regularly in my work to make my life simpler,
    and keep my code clean. It is a very well formatted file and I wrote it all myself so please go have a look at it.

    The functions buildarray() and buildarraytest() are functions that will generate a character array of whatever column 
    of the initial and test csv's you want to analyse.

    The function fit_potential() uses the Neldor-Mead algorithm 100,000 times on the function and the input dataset to 
    minimise error. It is used for curve fitting over piecewise, janky and badly behaved functions because it only looks at 
    function values at points and completely skips the fun stuff with partial derivatives and hessians, which can quickly
    blow up to infinite values near the boundaries of the pieces of the action potential approxmation function.

    Claude output raw is the 'output' folder of Claude_csv_maker.py, just renamed

    Claude test output is the above, but only with the csv's. 

    Correlation graphs is the folder containing the scatterplots of the graphs of 'mg vs j' and 'mg vs decay', 
    which are used for diagnosis in tests A and B.
